>> Steve Kinney: So we're going
to try to see if our CloudFront
distribution's up and running.
It all depends on how long I just talked,
and how quickly it went.
We'll take a look and we'll see.
If so, we will hit our website, right?
So we get the CloudFront cache warmed up.
And we'll take a look at what a ht and
a miss are.
And then we will go ahead and
deploy a new version and see what happens.
So what we'll end up doing is,
at one point we'll make some change,
you can change the title, you can change
my wonderful CSS work, how dare you,
those are pretty colors, and
so on and so forth, right?
And we'll see how that actually
propagates and if it propagates.
Cool, so we will either.
Let's see if this works.
If not, we'll take a quick break and
wait for propagation to happen.
All right, there it is.
It's superimportantwebsite.com.
Looks like it propagated enough, at least.
Full disclosure, you might go to yours and
it might not be propagated yet.
Right, that is okay.
If it doesn't propagate within about 30
minutes, then we'll deal with it, but
it takes time.
I was pleasantly surprised to
find that mine propagated.
So you see this little lock,
that means I've got HTTPS.
It's a little more prominent in Chrome and
Firefox.
>> Steve Kinney: So
we can see superimportantwebsite.
>> Steve Kinney: But
the things I wanna make a note of is,
this'll either be a hit from CloudFront,
which means it never went to S3.
A miss, which means it's the first
time it's seen this one, and
it has to go to S3, or an error.
This is likely if you look,
there's no such key,
probably cuz we need to actually set up
an error page for a 404 to show the index.
Which we will literally do in a second.
But we see some additional
things in there as well.
So let's go ahead and
let's deploy a version of the application.
And let's actually fix
the error pages first.
>> Steve Kinney: So we're here.
And in case that takes some time to
propagate, we'll have that ready to go.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Just a quick question about
setting up the record set for CloudFront.
I'm getting error that says that
it's trying to create a record set.
My domain type A, if I just leave that
name blank, because it's already set up.
Is that supposed to be
a different value there or?
>> Steve Kinney: Are you making a new one
or are you adding in the existing one?
>> Speaker 2: I'm making a new one.
>> Steve Kinney: It's probably like, hey,
you already have one with that name.
>> Speaker 2: You wanna edit that one?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, exactly.
>> Speaker 2: To have the Cloudfront site.
Okay, so then you're no
longer using that S3 domain?
>> Steve Kinney: Exactly.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, cool.
>> Steve Kinney: It'll hit CloudFront,
CloudFront will go to S3.
Cool, so a bunch of options here.
I have restrictions.
I have error pages.
So I'm gonna Create
a custom error response.
And I'm gonna say if you get back a 404,
we want to customize that.
We'll send you.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll actually ask for
index.html, and
we'll say everything's gravy.
So this is the opposite
problem that we had before.
Before, when we had S3,
we were like, yeah, it's a 404.
And then we sent them the page and
everything was great.
This is a similar but terrible problem,
where we're gonna treat
everything as okay.
Which means they go to /notes/1.
Yay, that's a real route.
If they go to slash totally not real,
not found, I don't know what you're doing.
[LAUGH] 200, they'll see the not found
page, cause direct router'll handle that.
This isn't great either.
This is a fact, what a lot of client-side
routing applications do, they just really,
well that's life, what can I do?
We'll actually explore how
we can actually solve that.
But this is actually the state
of world in a lot of cases.
I'm gonna make an additional one for
403s as well.
>> Steve Kinney: That will take
a little bit of time to propagate.